Now that you've learned the Monte Carlo Localization algorithm,
let's see the MCL apply to a one-dimensional hallway.
In this hallway, the mobile robot can move upward and downward.
Also, the robot is capable of collecting
all the battery information and sensing the presence of doors.
Initially, at time T equal one,
particles are drawn randomly and uniformly over the entire post space.
Then, at time T equal two,
the robot senses a door and MCL assigns weights to each particle.
The number of particles remains constant,
whereas the particles' importance weights are adjusted.
Now, at time T equal three,
the robot moves down the hallway and the particle set is shifted.
The new set has uniform importance weight and
the high number of particles near the three likely places.
Moving on at time T equal four,
the robot senses another door and the new measurement
assigns non-uniform importance weight to the particle set.
Finally, at time T equal five,
the robot keeps moving down the hallway causing a new particle set to generate.